---
title: 'Blog Post number 1'
date: 2020-10-15
permalink: /posts/2020/10/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Research
  - Daily-life
  - Reflection
---

As a reflective person, I often have thoughts on the past experience and try to learn from it every time I reflect. 

My biggest concern this year except corona virus is my plantar wart. It is a type of viral infection usually occur at the bottom of foot. Sometimes it is easily confused with Clavus or Corn by their similar appearance - this is also what I thought at the very beginning. This tiny little bump used to be “harmless” as his friend. Therefore, I just used some common methods trying to remove it. However, as it went deeply inward under my skin and started to spread due to its viral infection nature, I realized it is not a simple overgrowth of skin due to friction. And I begin to feel painful as it pressed my nerves. What’s even worse, it infected the other two big blisters that grew during the lab team building this summer, and I could not even walk now. I knew there will be a big battle waiting for me.

I became abnormally anxious. I searched three days about relevant symptoms and possible cures, and I finally figured out this is plantar wart instead of corn. I started to change my solutions according the reason of plantar wart. I tried to curb further infection by washing my feet frequently with Iodine tincture. At the same time, I applied  

It did became smaller, however, new warts were still growing everyday and I was really frustrated. Finally, I went to the doctor.

I was told by the doctor to stay in the dorm and avoid walking. As a reflective person, I started to reflect when I was staying alone in the quiet space. And I found that, surprisingly, this experience is exactly like doing research. 

First, it is a long process. Plantar wart is a chronic disease because it hide beneath the skin and spread to other places, and research is also not one-shot because the depth of the topic and the difficulty of the relevant knowledge. Secondly, the process is never so pleasing. Both are putting weights on you physically and mentally. Only the length of the process is enough to make you feel hopeless. Thirdly, you get a thorough understanding during searching. My mentor once told me research is all about re-search. 
Fourthly, things may not go to the direction that you expect and you get frustrated sometimes.
Fifthly, advice is beneficial. The doctor’s knowledge can clear my question and advice me the correct method. Mentor is also important to direct you the right path when doing research. 

Beating plantar wart is not a easy process, so does research. But I believe I can also conquer it using my self-learning and optimism as I overcome this disease. 

